hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 drama film three
billboards outside of Evan Missouri so
let's get started
the film follows Mildred Hayes who is
grieving the rape and murder of her
teenage daughter Angela that occurred
seven months prior upset due to the lack
of progress in the investigation
Mildred buys three billboards near her
home stating in order raped while dying
and still no arrests
how come chief Willoughby the signs
upset the town along with chief
Willoughby and a racist officer named
Jason Dixon it is known that Willoughby
is dying of pancreatic cancer which only
makes the townspeople more upset and
Mildred and her son Robbie are harassed
and threatened but Mildred stays strong
in her opinion Willoughby is sympathetic
to Mildred's frustration but he simply
has no more leads but fuels the
billboards are an unfair attack on his
character officer Dixon threatens red
the advertising agent who rented out the
billboards and Dixon also arrests
Mildred's friend on marijuana charges
Mildred is visited by her abusive
ex-husband Charley who blames Mildred
for the daughter's death Willoughby
brings Mildred in for questioning after
she injured a dentist who was against
her billboards
however during the interview Willoughby
begins coughing up blood
Willoughby spends a very happy day with
his wife and their daughters just before
committing suicide
he leaves several suicide notes
including one for Mildred letting her
know that the billboards were not a
factor in his suicide and that he also
secretly paid for another month of the
billboards amused by the troubles that
it will bring her Mildred is later
threatened by a stranger in her store
officer Dixon reacts to Willoughby's
death by assaulting red and his
assistant this is witnessed by
Willoughby's replacement Abercrombie who
fires Dixon the billboards are destroyed
by arson Mildred responds by throwing
Molotov cocktails into the police
station which he believes is unoccupied
Dixon was there however but escapes the
fire with Angela's Case Files and is
severely burned
Mildred's acquaintance James gives her
an alibi and says that they were on a
date together
Mildred agrees to go on a real
with James as a thank you discharge from
the hospital
Dixon overhears the man who threatened
Mildred bragging about an incident very
similar to Angela's murder he writes
down the Idaho license plate number and
starts a fight and scratches the man to
get a sample of his DNA on her date with
James
Mildred sees her ex trolley with his 19
year old girlfriend
charley admits to burning the billboards
and Mildred sternly instructs Charlie to
treat his new girlfriend well
Abercrombie informs Dixon that the DNA
was not a match and that the man was
overseas at the time of the murder
Mildred and Dixon conclude that the man
must have raped some other girl and
headed for Idaho with a gun while
driving together
Mildred confesses to the police station
fire but Dixon isn't surprised as the
film adds they both expressed
reservations about their mission but
agreed to decide what to do on the way
so that was the spoilers for three Bill
words outside of adding Missouri if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on our various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching